SlackV3: Add Channel ID when Creating Channel (#16997)
demisto/content: Packs/Slack/ReleaseNotes/2_3_2.md

#### Integrations

> ##### Slack v3
> - Modification of "create_channel" to add channel ID to the context, so future commands don't query all channels to find it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Slack v3
- Modified the ***slack-create-channel*** command to add the created channel's ID to the context to improve performance.

##### Slack v2
- Modified the ***slack-create-channel*** command to add the created channel's ID to the context to improve performance.
```
